#LyX 2.0 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 413
\begin_document
\begin_header
\textclass eccv2012
\begin_preamble
\usepackage{eccv2012-ruler}
\usepackage{color}
\end_preamble
\options runningheads
\use_default_options true
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package none
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman default
\font_sans default
\font_typewriter default
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100
\font_tt_scale 100

\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\spacing single
\use_hyperref false
\papersize custom
\use_geometry true
\use_amsmath 1
\use_esint 1
\use_mhchem 1
\use_mathdots 1
\cite_engine basic
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\use_refstyle 1
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\paperwidth 146mm
\paperheight 217mm
\leftmargin 12mm
\topmargin 12mm
\rightmargin 12mm
\bottommargin 12mm
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle headings
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset ERT
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
def
\backslash
ECCV12SubNumber{***}
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Title
The Ames Multiple View Pipeline
\end_layout

\begin_layout Running LaTeX Title
ECCV-12 submission ID 
\begin_inset ERT
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
ECCV12SubNumber
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Author Running
ECCV-12 submission ID 
\begin_inset ERT
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
ECCV12SubNumber
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Author
Anonymous ECCV submission
\end_layout

\begin_layout Institute
Paper ID 
\begin_inset ERT
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
ECCV12SubNumber
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Abstract
The abstract should summarize the contents of the paper and should contain
 at least 70 and at most 300 words.
 It should be set in 9-point font size and should be inset 1.0~cm from the
 right and left margins.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
Introduction
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Please follow the steps outlined below when submitting your manuscript.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection
Language
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
All manuscripts must be in English.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection
Paper length
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The basic length is 12 pages, but up to two additional pages may be purchased
 in the final printed proceedings.
 This brings the 
\emph on
maximum
\emph default
 length for submission to 14 pages.
 Overlength papers will simply not be reviewed.
 This includes papers where the margins and formatting are deemed to have
 been significantly altered from those laid down by this style guide.
 The reason such papers will not be reviewed is that there is no provision
 for supervised revisions of manuscripts.
 The reviewing process cannot determine the suitability of the paper for
 presentation in 14 pages if it is reviewed in 16.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection
Dual submission
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
By submitting a manuscript to ECCV, the author(s) assert that it has not
 been previously published in substantially similar form.
 Furthermore, no paper which contains significant overlap with the contributions
 of this paper either has been or will be submitted during the ECCV 2012
 review period to either a journal or a conference.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
If there are any papers that may appear to the reviewers to violate this
 condition, then it is your responsibility to (1) cite these papers (preserving
 anonymity as described in section
\begin_inset space ~
\end_inset


\begin_inset CommandInset ref
LatexCommand ref
reference "sec:blind"

\end_inset

 of this example paper, (2) argue in the body of your paper why your ECCV
 paper is nontrivially different from these concurrent submissions, and
 (3) include anonymized versions of those papers in the supplemental material.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection
Supplemental Material
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Authors may optionally upload supplemental material.
 Typically, this material might include videos of results that cannot be
 included in the main paper, anonymized related submissions to other conferences
 and journals, and appendices or technical reports containing extended proofs
 and mathematical derivations that are not essential for understanding of
 the paper.
 Note that the contents of the supplemental material should be referred
 to appropriately in the paper and that reviewers are not obliged to look
 at it.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
All supplemental material must be zipped or tarred into a single file.
 There is a 50MB limit on the size of this file.
 The deadline for supplemental material is five days after the main paper
 deadline.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Citation: 
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand cite
key "asp-broxton2008"

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset CommandInset bibtex
LatexCommand bibtex
bibfiles "../amvp"
options "eccv2012"

\end_inset


\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
